now this is a really beautiful stick you
can pick these up an ebay just stunning
really I don't know how many they made
in toto I'd love to know in fact i'd
love to know how many the the ones that
don't have the factory line numbers on
the back I'd love to know how many were
made in total for each but this one is
out of production which is a shame
because it's just freaking awesome the
artwork is amazing this is the xbox
version again they didn't mess it up
with the ex xbox colored buttons they
just had the colors here which is cool
and I'll vs. clap bomb on the back no
line number this is also noted
additionally go or not I think it's
5,000 per per system I really like this
stick again it's just got all the
wonderful colorful Marvel characters and
there's Deadpool he's another flesh of
me sorry but he's awesome now the energy
stick I think this is probably a good
idea by my cat sometimes of putting
together some sort of partnership with
MLG down 100 sent know who who would go
for this dick I don't think it's the
most popular it's lacking a bit of
identity but it is a good idea of good
partnership and anything make me down to
make a fighting game seen bigger and
better then that's a good thing and I
think mad catz my face through the right
thing it's got some interesting sides
and I think if you wanted to mod it it
could be very interesting and actually
it looks a lot nicer in in person so
this is the final stick street fighter
cross tekken i like it some people down
so think it's weird the initial run was
limited edition with a thousand the Xbox
not sure
PlayStation somebody after Tommy and
then I believe they continue to make
them after that but they weren't part of
the limited run I not sure the artwork
of course has ryan Kazuya I think
everybody seen this dick a million times
Daigo using it probably play domestic
various conventions now the truth is
there are actually two as far as I know
two other face plates which were limited
edition this one was from evo 2011 I
think they made 50 of each and you know
I I guess customized mine if that's what
you want to call it by getting lots of
signatures there's a whole nother video
on this but I have that as well and then
the only one I don't have is the mortal
kombat one but it's a different button
layout and it requires serious
customization of the stick so and I
don't repay mobile combat so I decided
well you know I make my own rules and
regards to the collection and I decided
the mall combat faceplate is not going
to be something i will be getting
I would have loved them to have done an
arcade edition dark Hado had 0 version
with only and he were right I think he
would have just loved that I would have
eaten it up that to me was a big missed
opportunity by my pass not really that
bothered about Ultimate Marvel vs.
Capcom I think honestly mad catz now at
it with this one and yet we need any
more than that I think it's amazing look
at the Hulk the Bison look at moorings
arrived ok so in regards to the future
of my castex and i think they will play
around with the design a bit more since
a tart came out with the felt bottom i'm
sure that's something they may consider
you know it's good to see innovation
like that especially for that player let
myself I believe that they will make a
gazillion street fighter cross tekken
sticks i mean they made seven right my
second one two three four five six seven
they made seventh street fight sticks so
expect more of these not necessarily the
same design but expect more i think what
they can also do is they have a team
they have died ago and had taquito and
plate things like that now people wear
t-shirts like this the taquito and this
vid i go and you know this is you know
so i made it pretty cool instead of it
being like a sort of random rubbish
t-shirt it's the Beast so I know it
could be pretty cool if they did I go a
team magcast stick but it has to be a
very cool design like this so 13 sticks
at we 14 up the soul calibur comes
through very soon and then of course
there's the gold stick which would make
it 15 I've got the soul calibur coming
through don't think I have the gold
stick coming through alright so we're
going to finish on the cat goki that's
his name
sorry I am I know some of you have seen
him before in other videos just went to
say thanks for watching the video really
appreciate it I'm going to be making
more in the future subscribe like
comment and and yeah that's about it I
guess so peace out collectibles they're
all the rage in demon
you